hi guys PCH gaming bringing you two
matches WWE 12 featuring Sheamus and Big
Show both matches a computer-generated
let us know what you guys and girls want
to see next thanks
oh man burning the ribs and the lower
back just takes all of the power here I
was LED connected another boot to the
midsection
when I look at Sheamus I just see that
white body it reminds me of a corpse
fact a my liking better and be war one
and Sheamus unload
in a poop to the gut
but the championship at stake you know
these superstars will give everything
they have to win here tonight crushing
damage directly delivered to the back
this guy doesn't need a therapist what
he needs is an exorcist
this Helena Sullivan has been incredible
every match is just better than the last
King this Sheamus is just flat-out me
I've never seen anyone who enjoys
hurting people as much as Sheamus time
there's still not through
the world title up for grabs nobody
wanting to make an error in this one oh
and he lands that one right to the head
all the way slam Oh trying to put him
away
look at the position of the leg and knee
the pain has to be unbearable oh and he
fights his way out and then punch Lee
it's hard
oh no he's got escape from this one
quickly or he can pass out hey and he
fights out of it he plates the old
and that would hurt his hand Oh big
right hand
I'll tell you will you face big show you
I don't know any other way to beat this
giant what should Sheamus be looking to
do now King can he capitalize
these superstars keep doing it hooking
the way one two here we go and this
one's destined to be a human demolition
derby
King there's a reason they call same as
the Celtic Warrior yeah the skies
barbaric he loves and quickly
and there's another nasty kick to the
gut when you gotta figure it becomes
extremely difficult to breathe at for a
few of those down there
a huge slam
well that axe handle that's some force
behind it
boy when you look in the eyes of Sheamus
it's disturbing and he does it one more
time big move coming King unfortunately
you felt shame as a strength firsthand
yeah you're right about that I don't
know if there's
much power and strength of Sheamus
remember in championship matches the
title cannot change hands by count-out
or disqualification yeah that's why they
call it the championship advantage you
can lose the match but still keep the
title Sheamus
look at the pressure you can see it in
his face the agony and he escapes the
holes shame is throwing more pain more
hurt what is it about Sheamus that just
makes him so strong who knows
so whatever it is
Sheamus
here Sheamus tried to enter an ugly
contest and they said sorry no
professionals and the flow of this match
is hang and this time Sheamus the Irish
curse backbreaker bending the spine
Sheamus
what's the big show oh no look at the
strength of this guy
I cross
it will this be it
23 Seamus